So let's keep on going.
Let's do a little func (p projector) and
do set up.
Let me put this in the middle for
you and do SetValue.
So I'm trying to keep the names the same.
So I'm gonna keep on using
remove value at the end.
And these of course
are gonna be very easy.
So let's go set value string.
One nice part about Go, I mean,
I don't know if it's really that great.
But if you have multiple
arguments of the same type,
you can just save the type to the end.
So you don't have to be like key string
value, string this, string that, string,
you can just go [INAUDIBLE] string.
Makes it really nice.
Nice to let you know.
Well, nice little shorthand right there.
All right, so we're gonna set the value.
All we need to do is go if,
let's see, we're gonna see,
how do we wanna approach this?
Well, we have a couple of
ways we can approach this.
We can do, ok := p.data.Projector, and
then we can use p.config.present
working directory.
And we can say if it's not okay,
what do we do here?
Or if it's not okay,
we need to do something, right?
We need to actually set this value in.
So, I can go
p.data.Projector[p.config.Pwd] but
at that point I've probably done it
too many times I want to go present
working directory equals p.config.Pwd.
Boom, go over here see in there
present working directory.
And we'll set it to
a new map[string]string.
All right,
that looks pretty good, correct.
Awesome.
And I use the semicolon,
so we won't do that.
And we have to do two write those two
effectively denote creating the object,
but there's nothing inside the object.
Awesome, so at that point we can just
yank this beautiful piece of code,
and go [pwd] [key] = value, and
we're done with setting the value.
So not much more code than typescript
actually pretty similar code I'd say to
TypeScript.
And let's do the exact same thing for
deleting.
RemoveValue should just have a key string.
That is it.
We should be able to do
the exact same check.
We grab out the present working directory.
And then we have a dir, right,
because at this point we only do something
if it exists not the other way around.
So I'm gonna delete out that line,
bring this thing back up in here and
call the delete method.
So the delete method is just
like the append method.
It's one of these magic methods that
exist and as you can see right on there,
it takes the map that you're
gonna be deleting on and
the key you wish to delete.
So slightly different than TypeScript,
TypeScript you actually access the key and
then you delete the entry whereas
this one you just say the key and
it deletes the entry.
Awesome.
So let's go all the way up to here and
just go key.
And there we go.
We pretty much have
the whole thing right there.
We use the dir, we use the return value.
We have everything, it's looking good,
which means we should be
able to test all of this.
One thing we haven't done yet,
is do the from file operation.
So we will probably do that now.
Now remember the from file operation
wants to throw zero errors.
We just simply want to return a projector
because if the config doesn't exist
that's okay.
If it's bad JSON we've
already decided that's okay.
We're just gonna have no errors at all.
So let's do that now while we're kind of
already here and then we'll go to testing.
All right, we're gonna go like this,
NewProjector and
of course we need to take in
a config that is a config, correct?
We need to return out, so I can read my
mind a pointer to a projector, correct?
Awesome, we don't need to worry about an
error in this case because we've already
decided no errors.
So we'll do the exact same thing we need
to check, does the config file exists or
have you handed me a path to a config
that does not exist yet, right?
That is a possibility, because the first
time you run projector there's just no
config file, it just hasn't happened yet.
So we'll go like this, now this is where
it gets a little more tricky if you will.
We can use the fs package and
we have to effectively come up
with the equivalent of fs exists.
So let's do that.
And so what they have I believe
this one is it Stat, yep.
So Stat will give you the Stat
about a file, we're gonna do that.
And of course what does it return?
It returns two item,
the FileInfo and an error.
If the error is a not found
error then we have no file.
So let's do all this fun stuff, right?
So we'll go like this.
We'll go.
We don't care about the Stat
object because we don't need it.
We only need the error.
If there is an error while stating
then we have ourselves a problem.
So we'll use that.
And we'll go like this
err does not equal nil,
is like a classic blunder right there.
So use os, not fs map.
Got me so good.
There we go.
So we're gonna do that.
We're gonna just simply get the error,
make sure that there's no error.
And if that's the case,
our file does exist.
Let's read it the file, and
then let's JSON parse the file and
then let's return a projector
if all that is successful.
So this is gonna be a few more steps,
I think than the normal one.
So let's first go.
If, we can erase this.
And so we have to read the file, right?
So again,
how much do you wanna bet it's on the os.
We can go os, look at that, read file,
it just simply reads the name of
the file and returns the contents.
So it's just gonna read the whole file,
that's the one we need,
we don't need any sort of reader in, we
don't need to do anything hyper efficient
here because it's just not a program
that's based on performance.
So there we go.
Let's read the file, go config.Config.
Awesome.
And this is gonna return of course
the contents and an error, correct.
Great.
So if there is an error,
we need to do something, right?
We can't return nil because well
we don't wanna return that.
So what we're going to do here is,
I'm gonna add a nice little convenient
function right here
called defaultProjector,
we'll do it a little bit
differently than we did it before.
That's gonna return a projector that's
just the empty projector, right,
it doesn't have a lot.
And so we only need to take
in a config and that is it.
So I'll return &Projector and
of course we'll have config: config,
we'll do a data of Projector,
that is gonna be a map[string]
map[string] string.
You're also supposed to go string whenever
you do that it really does help program
go effectively.
It's a part of the effective Go book too.
So let's hop on our projector because
obviously what did I do here I made config
a non pointer we're parsing in a pointer.
Let's just go over here and just make
that thing a pointer to be easy and
we can also make that one a pointer if we
really wanted to, doesn't really matter at
this point, well it should matter because
we're gonna be doing some stuff with it.
We don't have any methods
hanging off of it, but
we could imagine we could actually
move the get value, the set value.
We could actually move some of it to
the data if we wanted it there, or
we can move the save to the data and, so.
We could do all that, we'll just keep
everything as a pointer, we're not gonna
attach any methods to it but if you wanted
to get a little bit clever with it,
mutated from there you could do that.
All right.
If you think about set value remove value
can really be internal to the data.
All right.
So there we go,
we have the default projector.
Which means we can actually just go right
over here and go defaultProjector and
just parse in the config.
Awesome.
So anytime we encounter an error we'll
just do the defaultProjector which means
down here at the bottom we'll also do it.
Now that we have the contents
we now create the data object.
So JSON is not as easy to handle in Go
as it is in Rust or TypeScript, but
it's still pretty easy.
So we're gonna do this thing,
we're gonna go var data Data.
So what I'm saying here is, hey,
I wanna create a variable
called data with the type Data.
And then I'm gonna use err = json,
of course this is one of
the libraries that's provided.
And I'm gonna do,
I believe it's Unmarshal.
Yeah, Unmarshal takes in a byte array and
an object that I can write into.
And so that's why we did this
whole declaring a variable, and
then we're gonna parse it in.
So we'll do Unmarshal,
we parse in the contents of the file.
And we're gonna pass in
a reference to data,
really it's a pointer
to data at this point.
And so it's gonna be able to write
into that object everything,
it's gonna Unmarshal the JSON for you.
So if there is an error, well, we probably
need to again return the defaultProjector.
If there's none,
we can just return the actual projector
itself with all the juicy,
delicious contents.
So let's just do it like that, right?
And go data is,
of course gonna be the data.
And config, of course,
is going to be config.
Awesome.
There we go.
We've just done it.
We've created our beautiful projector.
How nice is this?
So there we go.
Now I think we have pretty much
everything done for our Go version.
Now let's actually just do a little
fun little count right here.
All right.
So our get value, get all value and
set value and remove value starts
at line 18 and ends at line 83.
So what is that?
That's 65, right?
Did I do my math correct, 65.
Let's go back to our TypeScript one.
Start here, it goes at 23 and ends at 79.
So as you can see, TypeScript a little bit
less, little bit kind of higher level,
you can do things a little bit faster.
Go still it's not actually
all that much more, right?
A few extra lines of code are a bit
more explicit, is that a win or lose?
Up to you.
Last time I did this I believe my Go and
TypeScript won't actually have
the same amount of lines.
So I'm curious how did I add
some extra lines in this?
Who knows, right, this is just
the beauty of writing code line